[Music]
how to do
squats squats help strengthen your
glutes your quadriceps and your
hamstrings for a basic squat start with
your legs just about shoulder width
apart lift your arms up in front of you
for balance make sure your back is
absolutely straight and you do not arch
your back inwards or outwards your back
and neck must be in one line now push
your hips back as though you are sitting
on an imaginary
chair your hips and thighs must be
parallel to the floor maintaining your
form come up to the neutral
position make sure that when you sit
down in a squat position your knees do
not collapse while you're doing a squat
inhale when you go down and exhale when
you come
up now let's see the squat position from
the
side back is straight knees are in line
with the toes thighs and hips are
parallel to the floor now this is the
ideal position your body should be in
when you
squat while coming up do not lock your
knees this puts unnecessary pressure on
the joint to begin with you can start
with three sets with at least 10 reps in
the first set 12 reps in the second set
and 15 reps in the third set you can
always increase the number of sets or
the number of
[Music]
reps as you graduate through the
exercise with proper form
you will eventually build up strength
and
endurance once your stamina increases
you can also hold the squat position for
a few seconds and do
[Music]
pulses make sure while doing this your
form is not
[Music]
compromised so the beauty of this
exercise is you need no equipment at all
all you need is you so get to it stay
fit stay safe this is Ryon signing off
cheers